Support deletion of saved searches (#10198)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/release-notes/9317-delete-saved-search.md

Reviewer: I'm going to leave comments below about backward incompatible changes. I'm pretty sure my preference is to NOT introduce any backward-incompatible changes but if we do the should be listed in `doc/sphinx-guides/source/api/changelog.rst` and the release notes should give an overview of backward-incompatible changes and tell people to check that changelog.

### Saved search deletion

> Saved search can now be removed using API `/api/admin/savedsearches/$id`. See PR #10198.
> This is reflected in the [Saved Search Native API section](https://guides.dataverse.org/en/latest/api/native-api.html#saved-search) of the Guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saved searches can now be removed using API `/api/admin/savedsearches/$id`. See PR #10198.
This is reflected in the [Saved Search Native API section](https://dataverse-guide--10198.org.readthedocs.build/en/10198/api/native-api.html#saved-search) of the Guide.
```

(We'll fix the link at release time.)
